Initially when i was tasked with creating a webpage, I had no idea where to even begin. So research came in the form of first understanding what html is  primarily using Marksheet.io which i found to be an abundant resource material. Soon after I was slowly building up confidence and just writing code and seeing how it would be presented on the webpage, something i found to be entertaining to say the least. 
Then came the point of asking my partner (who onwards from here will be referred to as Client) what she would like to have written about her on the website. So we discussed things like ethnicities, place of birth, hobbies, work history, dream holiday destinations and so on. Now that i had a list of information to work with, on came the matter of structuring the information in a way that would look pleasing to my client and any other user who might come across this website.
So again i went and did some research and came across examples of websites that had a profile-like structure which i used as a basis for my own website and took ideas from them, which was immensely helpful as my previously unorganised webpage was beginning to come together and resemble an actual webpage.
I think this is a good time to mention the numerous errors that I encountered from not being able to source pictures saved on my local file to learning how to use the hover tag in CSS, but a willingness to complete a task showed me it can take you very far.
All in all it was a fun journey that had its ups and downs but as they say you cant have a rainbow without a little rain.
